Create caching overview and pull content from configuration article (#8516)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/caching/overview.mdx

For example, the _first_ time your app queries for a `Book` object with id `5`, the flow looks like this:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
  Apollo Client->>InMemoryCache: Queries for Book with id 5
  Note over InMemoryCache: Book:5 not found in cache!
  InMemoryCache->>GraphQL Server: Query sent to server
  GraphQL Server->>InMemoryCache: Server responds with Book
  Note over InMemoryCache: Book:5 is cached
  InMemoryCache->>Apollo Client: Returns Book
```

And each _later_ time your app queries for that same object, the flow looks like this instead:

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
  Apollo Client->>InMemoryCache: Queries for Book with id 5
  Note over InMemoryCache: Book:5 found in cache!
  InMemoryCache->>Apollo Client: Returns Book
  Note over GraphQL Server: (Server is never queried)
```

The Apollo Client cache is highly configurable. You can customize its behavior for individual types and fields in your schema, and you can even use it to store and interact with local data that _isn't_ fetched from your GraphQL server.

## How is data stored?

> Apollo Client's `InMemoryCache` is a **flat lookup table** of objects that can reference each other. These objects are the same objects that are returned by your GraphQL queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apollo Client's `InMemoryCache` maintains a **flat lookup table** of objects that can reference each other. These objects accumulate field information from any identifiable objects returned by your GraphQL queries, so a single cache object may represent data from multiple queries.
```
Don't want folks to take "the same objects" too seriously. Feel free to reword!
